Standardised docs (#1499)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/user/manual/user-profile/notifications.md

      * When the delete icon is clicked a popup modal is evoked prompting if the user is sure of the actions they wish to take.

6. Rows per page: The user is able to choose the number of notifications they prefer to see on a page (The minimum is 5).

> 7. Pagination Link: The user is able to see the current page they are own. They are also able to navigate to previous and next pages using the nav links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Pagination Link: The user is able to see the current page they are on. They are also able to navigate to previous and next pages using the navigation links.
```
